PRIVACY POLICY

In this policy, «Light Team» refers to Light Team Software, which shall mean subsidiaries, parent companies, joint ventures and other corporate entities under common ownership.
We may also refer to Light Team as «we» or «us».

This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Application.

If you choose to use our Application, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy.
The Personal Information that we collect are used for providing and improving the Application.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE

For a better experience while using our Application, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your access to your Android credential list.
The information that we request is retained on your device and is not collected by us in any way.

The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.

LOG DATA

We want to inform you that whenever you use our Application, in case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data.
This Log Data may include information such as your devices’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, configuration of the app, the time and date, and other statistics.

COOKIES

This application does not uses these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collection information and to improve their services.
You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies, and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Application.

SECURITY

We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it.
But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

LINKS TO OTHER SITES

This Application may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site.
Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

CHILDREN'S PRIVACY

This Application do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13.
In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.

CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes.
We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.

CONTACT US

If you have any questions or comments about this Policy or our privacy practices, or to report any violations of the Policy or abuse of an Application, please contact us at lightteamsoftware@gmail.com.